Keycloak documentation : fix variables, hostnames, java flavor (#334)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/addons/keycloak.md

By default, Keycloak on Clever Cloud uses small-size resources, i.e:

> - S Java

Reviewer: We are still in XS

Once you have created your add-on, go to the Console Keycloak Java runtime page and click "Open the application". You also can get the Keycloak add-on URL from the Clever Cloud console, in the information panel of your Keycloak add-on.

> The admin interface is accessible on the `/admin` endpoint. The default user and password are provided in the Java application by the environment variables `CC_KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` and `CC_KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_DEFAULT_PASSWORD`. A password change is requested at the first connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The admin interface is accessible on the `/admin` endpoint. The default user and password are provided in the Java application by the environment variables `CC_KEYCLOAK_ADMIN` and `CC_KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_DEFAULT_PASSWORD`. 

A password change is requested at the first connection.
```

Keycloak uses an [FSBucket](https://developers.clever-cloud.com/doc/addons/fs-bucket/) to install themes and plugins. To deploy a custom theme or custom plugin, simply download them into the respective `themes` or `providers` folder in your FSBucket.

> ## Exporting realms data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Exporting realms data
```

2. A full export using the environment variables of the Keycloak Java application from the Clever Cloud console.
    - Go to the Keycloak Java application in the Clever Cloud console

>     - In the Java application, you can explicitly Realms (separated each of them with `,`) you want to export as arguments to the `CC_KEYCLOAK_EXPORT_REALMS` environment variable;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - In the Java application, you can explicitly declare Realms (separated each of them with `,`) you want to export as arguments to the `CC_KEYCLOAK_EXPORT_REALMS` environment variable;
```

    > For instance, the following values export `my_realm` after the application restart:
        `CC_KEYCLOAK_EXPORT_REALMS=my_realm`

    - restart the Java application from the Clever Cloud console.

    > Don't forget to apply change at the bottom of the environment variable page if you use the console.

> This is a total export, including the client's secrets and hashed password

> Your exported realm is available in `realms/export` folder in the associated FSBucket.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your exported realm is available in `realms/export` folder in the associated FS Bucket.
```

> ## Importing realms data

Reviewer 2: I think we should place this in the `Realms managment` section and move plugins/themes stuff outside of it. 

```suggestion
### Importing realms data
```

Uploading previously exported data in `realms/import` folder in the associated FSBucket enables importing realms data. The import process starts after restarting the Java application.

## Add IP filtering in Keycloak for admin console

> 2 specific authentication flows with a filter based on IP Addresses we made especially for you has been created and affected as default to clients "security-admin-console" and "admin-cli".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two specific authentication flows with an IP addresses based filter are especially created and affected as default to clients "security-admin-console" and "admin-cli". To use them: 
```

> First, enable "PLEASE-OPEN.IT Authenticator IP Range" to "Required".
> 
> Then, click on the crank to access to parameters and put authorized IPs to access to resources.
> 
> **Do not forget to make the same on each realm you want to protect.**
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enable "PLEASE-OPEN.IT Authenticator IP Range" to "Required".
- Click on the crank to access parameters
- Set IPs with authorized access

**Do not forget to make the same on each realm you want to protect.**

```

Those flows could be affected to your own clients if you need.

## Hostnames

> By default, your Keycloak instance is expose through a Clever-Cloud addon domain, avaible in the addon dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, your Keycloak instance is exposed through a Clever Cloud service domain, as mentioned in the `Service dependencies` tab of your add-on.
```

### Custom hostname

> In your Java runtime, add your own domains to the "domains" section ([https://developers.clever-cloud.com/doc/administrate/domain-names/](https://developers.clever-cloud.com/doc/administrate/domain-names/)).
> 
> Change the variable `CC_KEYCLOAK_HOSTNAME`, then restart your Java runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use your own domain. [Just set it](/doc/administrate/domain-names/) in the `Domains` section of the Java application of the Keycloak add-on. Then, edit the `CC_KEYCLOAK_HOSTNAME` environment variable, apply this change and restart the application.
```

> > Don’t forget to apply change at the bottom of the environment variable page if you use the console.

Reviewer 2: This is more a Clever Cloud Console rule, not specific to Keycloak add-on

```suggestion
```

### Admin hostname

> Keycloak can expose administration console on a different hostname. By default, we use the same hostname, define `CC_KEYCLOAK_HOSTNAME_ADMIN` variable then restart your Java runtime to get a specific hostname admin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, Keycloak expose administration console on the same hostname but [you can use another one](https://www.keycloak.org/server/hostname#_exposing_the_administration_console_on_a_separate_hostname). Add its domain to the application and set it through the `CC_KEYCLOAK_HOSTNAME_ADMIN` environment variable. Then apply this change and restart the application.
```

> > Don’t forget to apply change at the bottom of the environment variable page if you use the console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> [https://www.keycloak.org/server/hostname#_exposing_the_administration_console_on_a_separate_hostname](https://www.keycloak.org/server/hostname#_exposing_the_administration_console_on_a_separate_hostname)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
